# Analyze2.0
Updated reverse-engineering software
This is a reverse-engineering software. Thefore, it is suitable for multiple uses. It is a great tool for multiple reasons. If you intend to carry out security/malware analysis it would probably work good. You can use it if authorized to test files/suspicious items for malware. Therfore, you can also prefom static analysis for the in-depth code. In this view, it's highly capable especially for zip files. You are able to extract the entire code in zip's and other files. This will make it highly useful for in-depth malware anlysis. Obviously, if intented to use on any files that are suspected malicious, it is recommended to use this tool in a virtual machine to avoid damage to your system. Analyze won't protect you from malware in your system. You would need to download the file to decompile and reverse-engineer it. The user-interface is straightforward. However, there are some important notices. Firstly, you must have python installed on your system for the application to work. Secondly, it is possible for this tool to be abused. Therfore, do not use it on legimate software you are not authorized or do not have the permission to test. Doing so can result in legal consequenses. Also, to mention any abuse if this tool in such way, or any damage related to this tool is not at the fault of the author. Lastly, Analyze can't decompile certain exe's or some types of text files and possibly other small types. Therfore if you are working with these sort of files, you can check if there are additional codec or other format files that can be decompiled and provide information about the application. Even, in zip's if there are additional exe's or few types of file format's they might not be decompiled. However, when looking through the codec file section in zip's it is highly accurate at decompiling and won't miss even bits. And with that you can start using Analyze, it is highly capable. You can obviously use it open-source or download it with a gui as a built version. 

Version 2.0- In this version, there is more paticularly useful functionality. You can decompile html/http from url's. This is even more paticuarly useful. Especially for investigating drive-by-download malware and cryptojacking. If you suspect malicious files on a website you don't need to use a virtual machine in some cases as the decompiled http/html content and give you information. Note that there are some case where this might now work. Ofcourse, please don't abuse this. Do not test on websites you are not authorized to test, doing so can result in legal trouble. And with that- here's Analyze2.0 with extended functionality. Ignore the installer it will not work.  © Copyright
